How to support different roles? atm there is only validation of users
through JWT. But there needs to be a separation between student-users and
company-users.

======
todo:

improve error messages, they suck for some reason. Probably my fault, idk though
they are kinda flipping useless in debugging

update readme with a section about which endpoints cscoupler has

use docker

rename all files to snake case equivalent
student_repo intead of studentRepo

improve error messages, atm i print some message,
but there is no stack trace. sooo it sucks massively

!!!
use transactions better!!!

problems with transactions:
how to use one transaction between multiple functions
from different repositories?

If i pass a transaction as an argument, the service
class is more tightly coupled, because it knows SQL is used.
Even more coupled than i thought, because you need a pointer to a sql.DB
in order to create a transaction.

Maybe i can add an extra class of indirection/abstraction above the
implementations of the repositories. But then the services would 
depend on these classes, and then the whole repository thing is kinda meh.

---
So this doesn't work, because the interface doesn't know about the field:
or i could maybe pass the *DB to all repositories, then the service class
can call this public *DB field of the repository to create a transaction
and pass it to all the repository functions.
---
 
:c
!!!
======

!!! ------
should a company have multiple accounts linked to it or not.
If this isn't the case, only one person can post projects and 
approach students. If it is the case, i need to find a way to create
users bound to a company. Maybe through invite-links?
The main company user creates the company-main-account, setting all info
regarding the company. Then, he can create invite links to send to colleagues.
If an account is created from an invite link, the account is bound to the company.
This account also needs to supply different data when creating the account.

maybe make a Student, Company (is actually company main account), and Representative (is account bound to a company)

But what happens if a student wants to comment on a posted project of a company.
Does this message get sent to a random representative of this company?
Or can the user chose one of the representatives that the company has, and sent a message to
the selected one?
------ !!! 

create client for cscoupler, probably in a different repo called vue-cscoupler or client-cscoupler
the only thing is that if client-cscoupler is used, how should other clients be called which are made
with different technologies / are not webbased. On the other hand, idc

features:
students can create accounts
add skills, cv, wants (things they want), university, name, etc.

companies can create an account
add projects for which they search students
they can be internship projects or work-projects for students
    (this should/ can be a flag)
they can message a student they are interested in, maybe link to a specific project
they offer if they think the student is suited for that one. Or not if they are just
interested in the student in general

-------------------------------------------------------
???How to make sure people don't just spam everyone???
Maybe add a timer. Someone can only message someone else  
if he/she looked at their account for 20 sec or something.
Sounds kinda shitty though
-------------------------------------------------------

for later:
maybe add support for the creation of teams for students between themselves.
a student can create a project with a description, vision, goal, etc. And if other students
are interested of teaming up, they can respond.




notes:

!!!
HandlerFunc creates a handler from a normal func